Look!
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-
Now that is not a bear.
It was like hitting a stone wall.
I hit it with all I had.
Ran. Just like you ran from my father.
I'll cut your tongue out. boy.
Stop!
Both of you.
That thing is still out there!
The gods have cursed us all.
We should leave this place while
we can still save our families.
This is our home!
We are not going to let
that thing chase us out!
She's right! We're not leaving.
We're going to hunt this thing
down and kill it like Vikings.
Hunting won't work.
You can't take it on in the open.
It's too powerful.
Well. what else is there?
We trap it.
Even if you do track it down.
How are you going to kill it?
Why are we even listening to him?
He's not one of us.
That's right. I'm not.
But you're wrong about this. Wulfric.
Like you were wrong about and the bear.
And you'll always be wrong until
you stop thinking with this.
This is finished!
You're not one of us.
The decision is ours.
However. I'm still your king.
And my judgment is that
the Outlander is correct.
We build the trap.
So.
where do we start?
Here…
And ending… here.
What are you waiting for?
Dig!
The forge. what does it burn?
Wood.
What about the torches. the lamps?
Whale oil.
I'll need it.
How much?
All of it.
How's it coming?
Is it deep enough for you?
No.
Four more feet.
And when you got that…
I need two rows of postholes
running up both sides.
Post holes?
Yeah.
What do you need post holes for?
Posts.
Are we done now?
Not yet.
Not yet? What's left?
Shields?
Shields.
When this thing is over…
there's a place here for you.
Should you wish it.
You hungry?
What about you?
I'll eat when you're finished.
No.
You sit.
Thank you.
I saw you talking to my father today.
What did he say?
He asked me to stay.
What did you say?
Freya…
You don't even know
what kind of man I am.
I know enough.
No. you don't.
So. tell me.
Kainan?
My people are no different than yours.
Hungry for land.
So when we found
an island we wanted.
we took it.
It didn't matter that it already
belonged to something else…
Moorwens. Millions of them.
But we wanted it.
After all. we told ourselves
they were nothing.
Just animals. Beasts.
So we killed them all with fire.
Those we missed. we hunted down.
You obeyed your king's orders.
You didn't have a choice.
You always have a choice.
Land that belonged to the Moorwens
now belonged to us.
As part of my pay I was given a place
for my family to live.
And I thought I could forget
what I'd done to get it.
Some things you can't
bury deep enough.
Hey! What are you doing?
That plant. it stung me.
It what?
It stung me.
Let me show you something.
Stay right here. okay?
Kainan.
The guns are up.
And there are none of them left.
You'll be safe.
I love you.
I love you. too.
Three weeks later I got word that
one of the Moorwens had survived.
And it got in our compound
and killed everyone.
It was the will of the gods.
It was their destiny.
There is no destiny.
There is no gods.
It was just me.
And I failed them.
I failed them.
This is a king's sword.
passed down from my ancestors.
My father gave it to me…
and told me that one day
I would know the man to give it to.
A good man.
If you truly believe that you
write the tale of your own life…
then the end is up to you.
More arrows!
The gods be with you.
Boromir. close the doors.
Open the gates!
You sure this will work?
That's what I thought.
Hold this.
Gods above…
Wait for my order!
What's your damn priest doing?
I command thee. Lucifer.
quit this place!
Ready!
Wulfric!
Hold your fire!
Shoot!
Take my hand!
Hold!
Take it now!
Fire!
By the gods!
Freya?
Freya!
Moorwen!
Kainan
There's another one!
Kainan!
Everyone's leaving.
Eric. it's not safe here anymore.
Everyone's going to the boats.
You need to go. too.
But. I want to stay here with you.
You'll come back soon.
Everyone will.
You promise?
I promise.
Your boots. do you want them back?
No. They're his now.
What are you going to do?
You're king now.
King of what? This?
This… and them…
Whatever Herot becomes tomorrow…
will be because of
what you do right now.
Let's go kill this thing…
together.
You're daft!
We're not going down there.
That's where it came from.
That's where we're going.
But we don't know how to kill it yet.
We need better weapons.
No. We need better metal.
Boromir. get the forge ready.
Unferth. Olaf. get the torches
and the ropes.
Let's go.
I'm coming with you.
No you're not.
That thing killed my father and
destroyed my home.
I'm coming with you.
This is where your ship went down?
That's right.
In a lake?
Don't ask.
Kainan?
Freya?
Where's Freya?
Just get the metal and make the swords!
Damn.
What kind of metal is this?
King's sword again.
You're…
I know. Daft.
Let's go.
Where's it coming from?
It's beneath us.
God.
I slipped.
Let's keep moving.
Ain't nothing down there.
Unferth!
Wulfric!
Can you see anything?
Over here!
Boromir!
We'll drink together again. Kainan.
Herot mead.
Best in the world.
No!
Kainan!
Freya! Freya…!
That way!
Freya!
I'm here.
Freya. Freya.
Freya!
Freya. Squeeze through!
Squeeze through!
Too tight.
Take it!
Freya. calm down. calm down.
By all the gods.
Move!
Over there!
Get her out of here!
Come on!
Swing me!
Wulfric!
Is it dead?
Yes.
I wanted this for so long.
At least I got to wear it for a day.
I hope you wear it for
longer than I did.
We could have been friends.
We are friends.
Eric.
Up here!
You wait here for the others.
I've got something to do.
You're not coming back. are you?
In the year of Four Kings.
Rothgar and Wulfric were laid to rest.
Heroes in the war against the Moorwens.
And Kainan. once a stranger to us…
became king.
He took for himself a wife… and a boy.
who became as his own son.
But only I knew his secret.
That the gods had sent us Kainan.
And when it came time
to return to them…
he chose to stay with us instead.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org